[Proxy] Maximum Header Size for Mediation (#1855)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/developer-docs/docs/api-management/api-policies/apply-advanced-settings-on-mediation-policies.md

| **Minimum evictable idle time** | Determines how long (in seconds) an outgoing connection remains idle before eviction. The default is 300 seconds. | Set the required idle time in the **Advanced Settings** field. <br> ![Minimum evictable idle time setting](../../assets/img/api-management/api-policies/advanced-settings/minimum-evictable-idle-time-setting.png)          | Idle connections will be closed and evicted after the defined period.                    |
| **Detailed access log**         | By default, logs related to the mediation application are generated and can be viewed as [runtime logs](../../monitoring-and-insights/view-logs.md#runtime-logs). You can disable these logs if necessary.      | Set the `detailedAccessLog` parameter in the **Advanced Settings** field. <br> ![Detailed access log setting](../../assets/img/api-management/api-policies/advanced-settings/detailed-access-log-setting.png)  | Logs related to the mediation application will not be generated.    |

> | **Max Header Size**         | Determines the maximum header size (in bytes) allowd by the mediation application. By default, allowed max header size is 8192b. | Set the `maxHeaderSize` parameter in the **Advanced Settings** field. <br> ![Detailed access log setting](../../assets/img/api-management/api-policies/advanced-settings/max-header-size-setting.png)  | The mediation service can accept the headers up to the configured size. Any request with a header larger than the provided value would be served with 431 status code.    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Max Header Size**         | Determines the maximum header size (in bytes) allowd by the mediation application. By default, allowed max header size is 8192b. | Set the `maxHeaderSize` parameter in the **Advanced Settings** field. <br> ![Detailed access log setting](../../assets/img/api-management/api-policies/advanced-settings/max-header-size-setting.png)  | The mediation service can accept the headers up to the configured size. Any request with a header larger than the provided value would be served with HTTP 431 status code.    |
```

> | **Max Header Size**         | Determines the maximum header size (in bytes) allowd by the mediation application. By default, allowed max header size is 8192b. | Set the `maxHeaderSize` parameter in the **Advanced Settings** field. <br> ![Detailed access log setting](../../assets/img/api-management/api-policies/advanced-settings/max-header-size-setting.png)  | The mediation service can accept the headers up to the configured size. Any request with a header larger than the provided value would be served with 431 status code.    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Max Header Size**         | Determines the maximum header size (in bytes) allowed by the mediation application. The default value is 8192 bytes. | Set the `maxHeaderSize` parameter in the **Advanced Settings** field. <br> ![Detailed access log setting](../../assets/img/api-management/api-policies/advanced-settings/max-header-size-setting.png)  | The mediation service will accept request headers up to the configured size. Requests with headers exceeding this limit will be rejected with an HTTP 431 Request Header Fields Too Large status code.    |
```
